hi everyone my name is Javier and I'm
the person behind happy
puffles today I wanted to share with you
guys another fun PDF that you can
download free from my website to create
some fun
seasonal traditional origami and I
thought we'd go ahead and take the
classic tree origami that we have and
make some fun little Christmas tree
versions of this I have a couple
different versions that I've done and
they kind of follow some of the graphics
I've made for kind of a ribbon tree and
then just some nice one with some good
tinsel and good little ornaments on it
as well and I'll show you guys how to
fold this so that you can get it to kind
of come out right here because you are
looking at the other side the back side
here down at the bottom you're always
gonna have a white bottom part to this
unless you wanted to you know color it
or paint over it or something like that
you do have a little bit of freedom in
how big this area as you can make this
you know a lot shorter you could make it
not even visible at all it's kind of to
you guys but I'll show you guys here how
to fold this if you go to my website and
download the image and then just print
it out and cut along that little gray
dotted line that you see you'll get this
nice little square piece of paper what
we want to do is we're going to start
with the color side facing down and you
want to try to keep the top of your tree
up at the top here and we're just gonna
go ahead and fold everything in half
into a big triangle first open it up and
then I want to take the top edge and
roll it into the center
and then do the same thing on the other
side too then turn it over and we're
gonna go ahead and fold in the bottom
part now and do that for both sides so
you get something that looks like this
now I want to go ahead and fold
everything in half but keep that the
tree part facing on top here turn things
over for a second and we'll take this
bottom part and fold it down and this is
where you can kind of decide a little
bit how far you want everything to fold
down and how long you want that bottom
part of the tree to be and then you fold
back this part up depending again to on
how much you want it showing if you had
folded from here just just by a little
bit you'd get a much narrower kind of
little base to your tree that you could
fold off by folding it down farther you
get more of a wide base right here so
that's just kind of to you guys how you
prefer to do it and then just fold this
part back depending on how long you want
it to be as well and these can be great
little Christmas decorations you can
easily attach these to make if you're
making your own greeting cards for the
season lots of different fun uses and
it's such a super easy origami it's
really fun to do with little kids and
certainly if you don't want to use the
printout one you can also just decorate
your own trees with regular paper so but
that's just one kind of little fun
project for you guys for this holiday
season
I'll have lots more fun projects to do
all the way as we lead up to close to
Christmas time so please come back and
check back every day for something new
and thank you always so much for
watching and I'll see you guys next time
you